Gaijin Game Rules
- - - - -

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING, AND MAKE SURE YOU HAVE REACHED THE AGE OF 16 OR WHICHEVER OTHER AGE MAY BE REQUIRED TO ACCEPT THIS DOCUMENT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE. YOU CAN FIND OUT MORE DETAILS ABOUT PERMISSIBLE AGE IN SECTION 2 OF GAIJIN [TERMS OF SERVICE / https://legal.gaijin.net/termsofservice]AND SECTION 8 OF [GAIJIN END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT / https://legal.gaijin.net/eula]. THE ENGLISH VERSION OF THIS DOCUMENT IS THE ONLY ORIGINAL VERSION AND SHALL PREVAIL IN THE EVENT OF ANY DIFFERENCES, QUESTIONS, OR DISPUTES CONCERNING THE MEANING, FORM, VALIDITY, OR INTERPRETATION.

This document (“Game Rules”) establishes the rules of conduct within the Games (as defined below) as stipulated by: 

— [Gaijin End User License Agreement / https://legal.gaijin.net/eula] (“EULA”);
— [Gaijin Terms of Service / https://legal.gaijin.net/termsofservice] (“Terms of Service”).

The Game Rules are incorporated in EULA by reference, being its integral part, and constitute a legal agreement between you (also “your,” “User,” or “Player”) and Gaijin.

All the terms and conditions of these Game Rules apply to every Game. However, the Administration may establish specific rules regarding some of the Games (“Game Specific Rules”), which are obligatory for the Users of such Games unless they contradict these Game Rules (for instance, see Appendices No. 1—7 to these Games Rules listed below). If such rules of the specific Game contradict these Game Rules, the latter should prevail.

The capitalized terms (words) not defined in this document should be interpreted as provided by EULA and Terms of Service.

For your comfort, these Game Rules are split into the following sections:

1. GENERAL PROVISIONS

2. NICKNAMES, CLAN NAMES, AND CLAN DESCRIPTIONS

3. GAME CHAT RULES

4. MODERATION OF GAME CHATS, HANDLING COMPLAINTS, SANCTIONS FOR VIOLATION

5. SPAM, INSULTS

6. UNSPORTING CONDUCT

7. NO POLITICS

8. OTHER PROVISIONS

9. RULES INTERPRETATION

10. MISCELLANEOUS

11. CONTACT INFORMATION

APPENDIX No.1 - [WAR THUNDER SPECIFIC RULES / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-wt] (click to view)

APPENDIX No.2 - [CROSSOUT SPECIFIC RULES  / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-crossout](click to view)

APPENDIX No.3 - [CROSSOUT MOBILE SPECIFIC RULES / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-mcrossout] (click to view)

APPENDIX No.4 - [STAR CONFLICT SPECIFIC RULES / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-sc] (click to view)

APPENDIX No.5 - [STAR CONFLICT HEROES SPECIFIC RULES / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-sc-heroes] (click to view)

APPENDIX No.6 - [ENLISTED SPECIFIC RULES / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-enlisted] (click to view)

APPENDIX No.7 - [CRSED: F.O.A.D. SPECIFIC RULES / https://legal.gaijin.net/gamerules-crsed] (click to view)

1. GENERAL PROVISIONS

1.1. As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

1.1.1. “Administration” shall mean Gaijin, third parties authorized by Gaijin, and a person or a group of persons appointed by Gaijin to monitor the Players' compliance with these Game Rules and Terms and Conditions. 

1.1.2. “Clan” shall mean an organized group of Players who habitually play on the same team in the Game(-s). Please note that depending on the functionality of the specific Game, a Clan may also be referred to as Corporation, Guild, Squadron, or otherwise.

1.1.3. “Clan name” shall mean the full or abbreviated (clan tag) name that identifies a Clan in a Game. 

1.1.4. “Devoice” shall mean the type of sanction for violating these Game Rules by prohibiting the Player from using the Game Chats.

1.1.5. “Game(-s)” shall mean any videogames published or licensed by Gaijin under EULA to Users on any platform (e.g., Windows, Xbox, PlayStation, iOS, Android, etc.), including, but not limited to, War Thunder, Crossout, Star Conflict, CRSED: F.O.A.D., Enlisted, Age of Water, and others.

1.1.6. “Gaijin’s Websites” shall mean the official websites, forums, official social media resources, and other Services related to the Games and operated by Gaijin or third parties authorized by Gaijin.

1.1.7. “Game Chat(-s)” shall mean the functionality of the Games allowing Players to communicate with each other via in-game chats or other methods of in-game communication. Subject to the functionality of the specific Game, the term “Game Chat(-s)” may include Game Chats that are intended for communication: 

— among all Players of a Game (“General Game Chat”);
— among the Players of the specific communication channel available in a Game (“Chat Channel”);
— among the Players of a particular Game session (“Game Rooms Chat”);
— between two Players (“Private messages”).

1.1.8. “Game access restriction” shall mean the type of sanction for violating these Game Rules in the form of blocking the User's capability to enter and play the Game(-s).

1.1.9. “Nickname” shall mean the name chosen by a User in a Game and associated with such User's Gaijin Account.

1.2. A User acknowledges and agrees that they are solely responsible for their in-game behavior and use of Game Chats. A User is fully responsible for the actions committed via their Gaijin Account, including if they were made by someone who was not authorized to enter your Gaijin Account. For example, when your login and password for the User's Gaijin Account became known to third persons or if an unauthorized entry to Gaijin Account was carried out. In particular, the owner of the Gaijin Account is personally responsible for any consequences that may result if such a third person violates the Game Rules (including the Game access restriction or deletion of the Gaijin Account).

1.3. Please note that in case of violation of these Game Rules, the Administration may impose the Game Access Restriction and/or any other sanctions on the User's Gaijin Account at any time and without any explanation. The Administration may but is not obliged to provide evidence of the violation, and an answer regarding the sanction imposed. 

1.4. The list of prohibited activities set forth in these Game Rules is not exhaustive. The Administration may decide to impose sanctions when the User's activity (for instance, the chosen Nickname, Clan name, or the User's behavior in Game Chats) does not formally fall under the specified restrictions but generally contradicts the principles of decency, common sense, good faith, or violates the legitimate interests of Gaijin or any third parties.

2. NICKNAMES, CLAN NAMES, AND CLAN DESCRIPTIONS

2.1. It is forbidden to create Nicknames, Clan names, as well as slogans, logos, and descriptions of the Clan (if any) that contain:

2.1.1. Obscene, violent, or abusive graphical content or language, including words, abbreviations, and consonants with the terms and phrases in any language, including transliteration, and any visual or textual content violating moral and ethical standards. In some cases, it is difficult to draw an unambiguous conclusion about the compliance or non-compliance of the specific Nickname or Clan name with this paragraph (for instance, whether transliteration/consonance is abusive or not) — in such a case, the Administration considers the complaints submitted by Players. 

2.1.2. Words, phrases, idioms, images, or any other verbal or graphical content that is promoting or offending (insulting) any political opinion, racial or national origin, religion or membership in any union or organization, ethnic background, sexual orientation, gender identity, etc.

2.1.3. Words or graphic elements that contain, in whole or in part, trademarks, copyrighted names without proper authorization, or in any way may infringe intellectual property rights.

2.1.4. Words, phrases, abbreviations, idioms, or any other references related to psychotropic or narcotic substances, alcohol, tobacco, and their use.

2.1.5. Words, phrases, abbreviations, or any other references relating to sexual abuse, cruelty, or vulgar sexual meaning, as well as any other graphical and/or textual content related to pornography or erotic materials in any form (including hand-drawn cartoons, anime cartoons).

2.1.6. Names or graphic elements that are misleading about the Player’s affiliation with the Administration, developers of the Games, officials, or other persons related to the Games operation. Players shall not use Game titles and/or any other references to Gaijin’s products as a Clan name, Clan slogan, Clan logo, or any other graphical or textual element related to a Clan.

2.1.7. Names considered insulting or inflammatory by the Administration.

2.1.8. Any content violating these Game Rules, EULA, or Terms of Service.

2.2. You are prohibited from using the names (photos, graphical images, or other content) as a Clan name (or slogan, logotype, Clan description, etc.) of: 

— historical and political personalities or other individuals involved in violent felonies or international crimes, including Nazi leaders and other war criminals;
— groups or organizations widely and internationally recognized as organized crime, extremist groups, or terrorist organizations (for example, SA, SS, SD of The Third Reich) -

provided, however, such a use probably unleashes (or is driven by) ethnical, racial, inter-confessional conflicts aimed at increasing hatred or hostility, humiliating human dignity, or encouraging other Users to forceful overthrow of a government, and is made via Game Chats or other textual/graphical Game elements available to Users, another Game-related service (forum or Game website), or by other means involving prohibited content in connection with the Game.

IMPORTANT NOTICE: names (photos, graphical images, or other content) related to any of the following organizations (groups) or personalities are expressly considered to be a violation of this paragraph 2.2:

— current existing organizations, army units, and regiments that: 

(a) commonly use symbols of the Third Reich and other Nazi, Fascist and neo-Fascist symbols and images (including but not limited to the swastika, wolf anchor ("Wolfsangel" symbol), black sun ("Sonnenrad" symbol), kolovrat, abbreviations and numeric acronyms (numeronyms) relating to the Third Reich's names and slogans); 

(b) recognized by the UN Security Council as an international terrorist organization.

— international criminals recognized as such by the international courts or tribunals (for example, by the Nuremberg Tribunal, the International Criminal Court, and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia).

2.3. Breaking the rules specified above may result in the following sanctions or bans for the User:

2.3.1. AS A RULE, the Administration may unilaterally amend the infringing Nickname, Clan name, Clan slogan, Clan logo, or any other graphical or textual element related to a Clan without warning and notifying the User or Clan members (including the Clan owner) regarding such an amendment. In such a case, the amended Nickname or Clan name may be randomly generated or chosen by the sole discretion of the Administration.

2.3.2. IN CASE OF REPEATED OR SEVERE VIOLATION, the Administration may additionally restrict the User from access to the Game, from 3 days up to a permanent ban, depending on the severity and circumstances of the violations.

2.4. Please note that some words and phrases that are not prohibited (for example, the names of cities, villages, and geographic locations) may have identical or similar spelling to the prohibited words and phrases (homonyms). You may not use such homonyms as Nickname, Clan names, as well as slogans, logos, and descriptions of the Clan (if any).

2.5. The Administration makes decisions on punishing the Users in violation of this Section 2 based upon the complaints received from other Users or considering the information obtained via automatic analysis of the Gaijin Account.

2.6. In pronounced and severe cases, as a preventive measure, a Clan may be disbanded, and all or some participants’ Game access may be permanently blocked. The Administration determines the severity of the violation at its sole discretion. 

2.7. Please be advised that the Administration has no obligation to refund or provide any monetary compensation to a Clan owner, Clan members, and/or any third parties for the in-game items, funds, or other valuables that have been used to create and/or develop the Clan (including the case of disbandment of a Clan by the Administration or the Clan owner).

3. GAME CHAT RULES

3.1. Users may communicate with each other in Games via Game Chats. Users should be aware that the Administration monitors and moderates Game Chats as prescribed by Section 4. 

3.2. Users may not publish in Game Chats any messages, posts, or images containing: 

3.2.1. Meaningless or empty messages (spam), irrelevant or repeated symbols or characters, abusive use of game radio commands (if applicable), or capital letters.

3.2.2. Obscene or abusive language, including words and consonants with the terms and phrases in any language written, including transliteration.

3.2.3. Offenses or insults on political opinion, racial, national, or religious origin or membership, ethnic background, sexual identity, gender identity, etc.

3.2.4. Information on any topic contrary to the general principles of morality and decency (for instance, may include the discussion of adverse or controversial historical events) and any other issues that hurt someone's feelings or may lead to insults, offenses, or controversies. 

3.2.5. Discrimination at all levels, including national, racial, ethnic, and sexual.

3.2.6. Any advertising messages containing third-party game project advertising links to external resources other than Gaijin’s Websites.

3.2.7. Profanity and abusive (improper) language in direct or disguised (implicit) forms, including swearing, words, and phrases relating to the illness or specific medical conditions (such as cancer, mental illness, etc.).

3.2.8. Words and phrases intentionally altered (for instance, disguised by misspelling, using symbols, numbers, or skipping letters) to make them look different from the words and messages prohibited by this document. 

3.2.9. Any other provocative content, including slander and posting untrue information (e.g., fake news, defamation).

3.2.10. Vulgar sexual vocabulary and bad behavior (including harassment), realistic description of sexual or other violence, and any illegal activities.

3.2.11. Political and religious agitation and propaganda.

3.2.12. Psychotropic substances, drugs, tobacco, and alcohol propaganda.

3.2.13. Racist statements, all manifestations of Nazism, nationalism, and racism, as well as any incitement of discord, intolerance, or hostility on the grounds of sex, gender, ethnic origin, religion, belonging to a national minority, or other reasons.

3.2.14. Propagation of conflicts, as well as calls for the overthrow of the government by force.

3.2.15. Discussions of the ways to crack the protection of Games, illegal ways to circumvent the security software of Gaijin (including forbidden modifications, hacks, exploits), or other ways to break the limitations set out in EULA.

3.2.16. Misleading information regarding the affiliation with the games' developers, Gaijin's websites' managers, and the Administration.

3.2.17. Information on buying, selling, or exchanging Gaijin Accounts, in-game items, valuables, and services in violation of EULA, as well as any other false or misleading information for personal gain.

3.2.18. Incitement to stop playing the Games, avoid in-game activities, or purchase any content from the Gaijin.Net Store.

3.2.19. Unlawful disclosure of the personal data of Players or other third parties.

3.2.20. Any form of serious (genuine) threat, including threats that may be reasonably perceived as real threats.

3.2.21. Public discussion of the actions of the Administration. 

3.3. The User is obliged to use the language proper to the Game Chat and respective to the language zone in the Game (if any).

3.4. The rules regarding the use of Game Chats are also applicable to real-time communication in the Game's voice chat (if any). 

4. MODERATION OF GAME CHATS, HANDLING COMPLAINTS, SANCTIONS FOR VIOLATIONS

4.1. Administration moderates a General Game Chat by direct monitoring (for instance, with the help of Game Chat moderators) or by reviewing the Player's message(-s) in response to other players’ complaints.

4.2. Game Rooms Chats and Chat Channels are post-moderated by the Administration based on the complaints submitted by Players.

4.3. Generally, Private Messages are not moderated by the Administration. A Player may unilaterally block another Player from sending them any messages for any reason (including in case of conflict between the Players). However, a Player may also submit a complaint regarding any objectionable content in Private Messages received from other Players (e.g., threats, harassment, or any other content violating these Game Rules).

The Administration encourages Players to be attentive and polite and not to send any Private Messages that may be regarded as objectionable by other Players. If the Administration confirms the User’s violation of these Game Rules in Private Messages upon a complaint received, such a User will be sanctioned at the sole discretion of the Administration (including the Game Access Restriction).

4.4. The Administration shall review complaints submitted through the in-game complaint mechanism within 2 weeks. If no measure was taken upon the complaint within such period, such a complaint is considered canceled. However, the Administration may impose a penalty for violating these Game Rules upon the expired or withdrawn complaint if such a violation constitutes a material breach.

4.5. In case of violation of any rule specified in paragraph 3.2 of these Game Rules, the Administration may impose punishment in the form of Devoice or permanent Game Access Restriction at the sole discretion of the Administration. Please note that the type and duration of the punishment are specified in the Game Specific Rules. 

4.6. Gaijin reserves the right not to disclose to third parties the details of punitive measures taken against Users and will not respond to queries regarding such measures.

5. SPAM, INSULTS

It is forbidden to use the in-game complaint system to send irrelevant or groundless complaints (including “spam” complaints) or insult the Administration, Gaijin support agents, managers of Gaijin's Websites, Game developers, or any other persons and entities. The Users in breach of this rule will be restricted from accessing the Game for up to 1 day. In case of repeated violation of this rule, the Administration may impose the Game Access Restriction for the period from 7 days and up to permanent Game Access Restriction.

6. UNSPORTING CONDUCT

6.1. The following behavior constitutes unsporting conduct and is explicitly prohibited hereunder:

6.1.1. Damaging a member of your team in a Game including the following:

a)	killing (destroying) or damaging a teammate (if technically possible in a Game);

b)	intentionally blocking teammate’s movements (propping up, pushing out, blocking the passage/driveways).

6.1.2. Exploiting Game bugs, errors, and flaws.

6.1.3. Installation or usage of unauthorized modifications to the Game client, using cheats or other software or devices that modify a Game process and/or original images produced by the Game (including the modification of a Game interface) to obtain an advantage in a Game without explicit authorization from Gaijin.

6.1.4. Other actions that violate the principle of fair play.

6.2. The actions prohibited by Section 6 of these rules shall be punished on a case-by-case basis by a decision of the Administration up to deletion of the User’s Gaijin Account.

7. NO POLITICS

Gaijin does not endorse or support any political parties, groups, movements, organizations or committees, any companies, partnerships, corporations, or associations organized or maintained for political purposes, as well as candidates for political office, including in connection with any election, referendum, proposed bills, or for any other political purpose whatever. 

In connection with that, Gaijin explicitly prohibits the use of the Games for political purposes, including the purposes above. Therefore, message content in Game Chats, along with the Clan names, slogans, logos, and descriptions of the Clan, should not contain any political symbols, logos, attributes, slogans, appeals, statements, or other politically oriented content, except for the following:

— content directly added to the Game by Gaijin; and 
— flags and national emblems of the United Nations Member States.

Violating this rule may lead to temporary or permanent sanctions for a User according to these Game Rules and the Game Specific Rules (for example, Gaijin may amend the infringing Clan name). 

8. OTHER PROVISIONS

8.1. In the situation when the User’s actions do not formally fall under the restrictions of this document, the Administration may impose the punishment in the form of Game Access Restriction for a period from 3 days up to permanent Game Access Restriction or deletion of Gaijin Account, provided such User’s actions have caused massive adverse reaction and complaints from other Players and/or such infringe the legitimate interests of third parties or Gaijin.

8.2. The Administration may also suspend or delete all User’s Gaijin Account(s) if the User commits actions to bypass the penalties previously imposed on the User, including creating additional Gaijin Accounts. 

9. RULES INTERPRETATION

While playing the Games, the User expresses their trust in the Administration to make any decision related to the interpretation of and compliance with these Game Rules. These Game Rules may be applied by analogy to the User's conduct on other Gaijin’s services (including Gaijin's Websites). However, if any of such Services have their own rules regarding the User's behavior, the Game Rules are not applicable (unless otherwise specified in such Services' rules). 

10. MISCELLANEOUS

In all other aspects regarding the rules of conduct in the Games which are not specified by these Game Rules, including governing law and jurisdiction, warranty disclaimer, indemnification, Game Rules update and modification, severability, assignment and termination, the relevant provisions of EULA and Terms of Service shall apply to these Game Rules.

11. CONTACT US

To contact Gaijin, please use our Support Service portal available at [https://support.gaijin.net].

Last revised and effective: 18.04.2023

